Guide to BlowLive:

Directory Guide:

**/BlowLive_Dataset** --> contains dataset of the BlowLive with the following architecture:
```bash
BlowLive_Dataset/
├── Participant 1
│   ├── session_1_sit_audio.csv
│   ├── session_1_sit_img.csv
│   ├── session_1_sit_gfcc.csv
│   ├── session_1_sit_combined.csv
│   └── session_2_stand_audio.csv
├── Participant 2
│   ├── session_1_sit_audio.csv
│   ├── session_1_sit_img.csv
│   ├── session_1_sit_gfcc.csv
│   ├── session_1_sit_combined.csv
│   └── session_2_stand_audio.csv
└── Participant 3
    ├── session_1_sit_audio.csv
    ├── session_1_sit_img.csv
    ├── session_1_sit_gfcc.csv
    ├── session_1_sit_combined.csv
    └── session_2_stand_audio.csv
```


**gfcc.py** --> contains the gfcc model used. <br> 
**gfcc_convert.py** --> contains the code to convert all the .wav file to .csv (GFCC). <br> 
**DTW_Calculation.py** --> contains code to perform DTW calculation based on GFCC csv files. <br>

**/model** --> contains the model definition file that defines the ML architecture.<br> 

**/checkpoints** --> contains the ML model checkpoints (download through the link to used the pretrained model).<br> 

**GFCC_FACENET.py** --> contains the train and test of the ML model. --> Run this if want to train own model.<br> 
**Model_save.py** --> contains code to save the ML model result by going through all the dataset.<br> 
**Model_Binary_save.py** --> contains code to save the ML model results into binarize format using Median Binarization based on the [Model_save.py] results.<br> 



**/FuzzyExtractor** --> folder contains code to run Fuzzy Extractor and Revocation. <br> 
    -**fuzzy_reusable.py** --> contains code of fuzzy extractor using BCH. <br> 
    -**fuzzyextractor.py** --> contains fuzzy extractor code and testing. (Also contains hamming distance matrix generation). <br> 
    -**fuzzyextractorsplit.py** --> contains hamming distance matrix generation splits based on sit/stand. <br> 



**Threshold.py** --> Contains code to run the accuracy threshold matrix used in the paper.


<ins>_**The current code have Default Naming, if no changes are made, no need to change anything on the naming.**_</ins>

<br><br>

Step to simulate:<br>
1. Make sure to have the BlowLive folder fill in with the Data. <br>
    1.1. Install all pip requirements through requirements.txt file (pip install -r requirements.txt).<br>
    1.2. Only **python 3.11.11** can be used.<br>
3. Run the gfcc_convert.py to get the GFCC converted data. <br>
    3.1. Look at gfcc.py to determine the GFCC settings (interval, deltas, etc). <br>
    3.2. Look at gfcc_convert.py to rename the new file accordingly (_**Only if you want to change the Default Naming**_). <br>
4. Run the GFCC_FACENET.py to get the Model saved into checkpoints. <br>
    4.1. This (4) can be skipped entirely by downloading the checkpoints on the link. But if want to train with different settings, rerun the GFCC_FACENET and change the checkpoints name. <br>
5. Run Model_save.py to save the embeddings into .csv based on the models stored in checkpoints (update the checkpoints name accordingly). <br>
6. Run Model_Binary_save.py to save the binarize embeddings (median binarization) based on the .csv data generated by (5). <br>
7. Run FuzzyExtractor/fuzzyextractor.py to generate the hamming distance matrix and revocability simulation. <br>
    7.1. For accuracy, matrix generation is required. Generate using DTW_Calculation code for DTW and Cosine Matrix. Run fuzzyextractor.py for Fullset hamming matrix. Run fuzzyextractorsplit.py for Sit/Stand split hamming matrix. <br>
8. Threshold calculation using Threshold.py, update the matrix name and parameters inside the code to get the accuracy result. <br>

Due to privacy concerns, the raw .wav audio and facial .jpg images cannot be shared. Therefore, the full end-to-end simulation cannot be performed. You can still simulate results using: <br>

- FuzzyExtractor/fuzzyextractor.py and fuzzyextractorsplit.py for Hamming distance matrices,

- DTW_Calculation.py for DTW-based and Cosine-based similarity matrices,

- Threshold.py to calculate thresholds and evaluate accuracy.

This allows testing of the pipeline logic and result analysis without access to raw biometric data.